How can we improve the natural environment in Hanoi?

I personally believe that pollutions is very bad. 
All mentor health issue and make every one fell, especially myself. First is air pollution. 
In Hanoi, the Air quality is very low. 
The following are things that can be done to make the natural environment in Hanoi better. 

the subway system
The Hanoi bus rapid transit (BRT) 01 route, which had investment of thousands of billion dong sourced from the World Bank (WB) loans, has failed to meet expectations after five years of operation.
It causes noise pollution due to engine noise,
sirens as well as vehicle brakes [3]. In Vietnam, the
number of poor-quality vehicles circulating on the street
has created considerable noise pollution, causing people to
suffer heavily when in traffic. Although planes are not too
many vehicles, the level of noise pollution it generates is
much higher than that of other vehicles 
Why Investors Should Consider Vietnam’s Electric Vehicle Market
Posted byVietnam Briefing
Written byPritesh Samuel
Vietnam’s electric vehicle market remains in its infancy, but there are plenty of opportunities as we are likely to see a paradigm shift from gasoline to electric-powered vehicles.
With a rising population and an expanding middle class, consumers are increasingly aware of the environment, fuel efficiency, and increasing pollution levels in cities.
Vietnam Briefing outlines the opportunities in Vietnam’s electric vehicle market despite the slow progress till date.
Xe điện giảm 15℅
Thế
CES 2022
CES - The Most Influential Tech Event in the World - CES 2022
CES 2022 will be in Las Vegas in January providing a global audience access to major brands and startups, as well as the world's most-influential leaders. Over 
How can we improve the natural environment in Hanoi?

 one of the most polluted cities in the world. 
Teacher am I digress when so Specifically

As one of the worst cities in the world when it comes to air pollution. Hanoi has ranked in the top 3 worst air pollution quantities in very recent history, very near past which is yesterday. I believe that pollution is bad. For her citizens with all of it mentor health issues and also have an effect on the city's modern economy. The following things can really, realistically be implemented. And I hope the natural environment in Hanoi will be better, with my respect and love for Hanoi - the old captain of VietNam. So how exactly will we solve the big issue? 

We will just magically transform everything we ever need into the hands of electric technology. As it has been proven over and over, electricity is the best of the best, the solution to the future. 
Why?
Electricity is available to everyone, at any time. For sure!
Electricity is cheap to produce in a large amount for everyone. Electricity can be transported cheaply and safely among all the nodes in the system. And more state-of-the-art technology of the future will arrive in Hanoi real soon!. Like Vinfast VS8, VS9 electric cars made in Viet Nam, electric lower power Intel AI semi-cheap smart chip set. You may also like an electric cooker built into every apartment or electric heater, …

My dad has just placed a pre-order of VS8 2022 this very week. My dad is proud of their promise. I will be one of the first people who have a seat in this. (by Jun 2022)

How can we improve the natural environment in Hanoi?

 one of the most polluted cities in the world. 

As one of the worst cities in the world when it comes to air pollution. Hanoi has ranked in the top 3 worst air pollution quantities in very recent history. Bad to her citizens with all of it mentor health issues. Polluted cities also have an effect on the city's modern economy. The following things can really, realistically be implemented. And I hope the natural environment in Hanoi will be better, with my respect and love for Hanoi - the old captain of VietNam. So how have we solved the big issue? 

We will just magically transform everything we ever need into the hands of electric technology. As it has been proven over and over, electricity is the best of the best, the solution to the future. 
Why?
Electricity is available to everyone, at any time. For sure!
Electricity is cheap to produce in a large amount for everyone. Electricity can be transported cheaply and safely among all the nodes in the system. And more state-of-the-art technology of the future will arrive in Hanoi real soon!. Like Vinfast VS8, VS9 electric cars made in Viet Nam, electric lower power Intel AI semi-cheap smart chipset. You may also like an electric cooker built into every apartment or electric heater, etc.

My dad has just placed a pre-order of VS8 2022 this very week. My dad is proud of their promise. I will be one of the first people who have a seat in a new-gen electric car by Jun 2022)!


All wrote by KHANH. 
Resource: 
The following are things that can be done to make the natural environment in Hanoi better. the subway system The Hanoi bus rapid transit (BRT) 01 route, which had investment of thousands of billion dong sourced from the World Bank (WB) loans, has failed to meet expectations after five years of operation. It causes noise pollution due to engine noise, sirens as well as vehicle brakes [3]. In Vietnam, the number of poor-quality vehicles circulating on the street has created considerable noise pollution, causing people to suffer heavily when in traffic. 
Although planes are not too many vehicles, the level of noise pollution it generates is much higher than that of other vehicles 
Why Investors Should Consider Vietnam’s Electric Vehicle Market 
Posted byVietnam
 Briefing Written byPritesh Samuel
 Vietnam’s electric vehicle market remains in its infancy, but there are plenty of opportunities as we are likely to see a paradigm shift from gasoline to electric-powered vehicles. With a rising population and an expanding middle class, consumers are increasingly aware of the environment, fuel efficiency, and increasing pollution levels in cities. 
Vietnam Briefing outlines the opportunities in Vietnam’s electric vehicle market despite the slow progress till date. 
Xe điện giảm 15℅ 
Thế
CES 2022 CES - The Most Influential Tech Event in the World - CES 2022 
CES 2022 will be in Las Vegas in January providing a global audience access to major brands and startups, as well as the world's most-influential leaders.
Over How can we improve the natural environment in Hanoi?

